TextPanel: Support code formats (#53850)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/text-panel.md

# Text

The text panel allows you to directly include text/html in your dashboards. This can be used to add contextual information and descriptions, or embed complex HTML.

## Mode

The **Mode**, select how the embedded content should be displayed

### Markdown

> The content is formatted as [markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option formats the content as [markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown).
```

### HTML

> The content is rendered as [sanitized](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/code-in-text-panel/packages/grafana-data/src/text/sanitize.ts) HTML. If more direct control of the output is needed, the
> [disable_sanitize_html]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#disable_sanitize_html" >}}) flag can be set
> and then any html can be entered directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting renders the content as [sanitized](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/code-in-text-panel/packages/grafana-data/src/text/sanitize.ts) HTML. If you require more direct control over the output, you can set the 
[disable_sanitize_html]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#disable_sanitize_html" >}}) flag which enables you to directly enter HTML.
```

### Code

> Content is rendered inside a read only code editor. The selected language will provide proper syntax highlighting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option renders content inside a read-only code editor. The selected language will provide proper syntax highlighting
```

> Content is rendered inside a read only code editor. The selected language will provide proper syntax highlighting

Reviewer: I'm unsure of what you are trying to say in this sentence "The selected language will provide proper syntax highlighting you want to use markdown or HTML to style your text, then enter content in the box below."

Could you rephrase that and I can take another look?

Author: 🤦 -- that was a garble with the previous language.  Updated and lets see if it makes more sense :)
